# # KubernetesUpdate0

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**servicelb** | **bool** | &#x60;servicelb&#x60; is a boolean to enable or disable the integrated k3s Service Loadbalancer called \&quot;Klipper\&quot;. This can be set to disabled to enable the user to run another LoadBalancer or no LoadBalancer at all. | [optional]
**configure_gpus** | **bool** | &#x60;configure_gpus&#x60; is a boolean to enable or disable to prevent automatically loading any GPU Support into kubernetes. This includes not loading any daemonsets for Intel and NVIDIA support. | [optional]
**pool** | **string** | &#x60;pool&#x60; must be a valid ZFS pool configured in the system. Kubernetes service will initialise the pool by creating datasets under &#x60;pool_name/ix-applications&#x60;. | [optional]
**cluster_cidr** | **string** | &#x60;cluster_cidr&#x60; is the CIDR to be used for default NAT network between workloads. Specifying values for &#x60;cluster_cidr&#x60;, &#x60;service_cidr&#x60; and &#x60;cluster_dns_ip&#x60; are permanent and a subsequent change requires re-initialisation of the applications. To clarify, system will destroy old &#x60;ix-applications&#x60; dataset and any data within it when any of the values for the above configuration change. | [optional]
**service_cidr** | **string** | &#x60;service_cidr&#x60; is the CIDR to be used for kubernetes services which are an abstraction and refer to a logically set of kubernetes pods. &#x60;cluster_dns_ip&#x60; is the IP of the DNS server running for the kubernetes cluster. It must be in the range of &#x60;service_cidr&#x60;. Specifying values for &#x60;cluster_cidr&#x60;, &#x60;service_cidr&#x60; and &#x60;cluster_dns_ip&#x60; are permanent and a subsequent change requires re-initialisation of the applications. To clarify, system will destroy old &#x60;ix-applications&#x60; dataset and any data within it when any of the values for the above configuration change. | [optional]
**cluster_dns_ip** | **string** | &#x60;cluster_dns_ip&#x60; is the IP of the DNS server running for the kubernetes cluster. It must be in the range of &#x60;service_cidr&#x60;. Specifying values for &#x60;cluster_cidr&#x60;, &#x60;service_cidr&#x60; and &#x60;cluster_dns_ip&#x60; are permanent and a subsequent change requires re-initialisation of the applications. To clarify, system will destroy old &#x60;ix-applications&#x60; dataset and any data within it when any of the values for the above configuration change. | [optional]
**node_ip** | **string** | &#x60;node_ip&#x60; is the IP address which the kubernetes cluster will assign to the TrueNAS node. It defaults to 0.0.0.0 and the cluster in this case will automatically manage which IP address to use for managing traffic for default NAT network. | [optional]
**route_v4_interface** | **string** | If users want to restrict traffic over a certain gateway / interface, they can specify a default route for the NAT traffic. &#x60;route_v4_interface&#x60; and &#x60;route_v4_gateway&#x60; will set a default route for the kubernetes cluster IPv4 traffic. Similarly &#x60;route_v6_interface&#x60; and &#39;route_v6_gateway&#x60; can be used to specify default route for IPv6 traffic. | [optional]
**route_v4_gateway** | **string** | If users want to restrict traffic over a certain gateway / interface, they can specify a default route for the NAT traffic. &#x60;route_v4_interface&#x60; and &#x60;route_v4_gateway&#x60; will set a default route for the kubernetes cluster IPv4 traffic. Similarly &#x60;route_v6_interface&#x60; and &#39;route_v6_gateway&#x60; can be used to specify default route for IPv6 traffic. | [optional]
**route_v6_interface** | **string** | If users want to restrict traffic over a certain gateway / interface, they can specify a default route for the NAT traffic. &#x60;route_v4_interface&#x60; and &#x60;route_v4_gateway&#x60; will set a default route for the kubernetes cluster IPv4 traffic. Similarly &#x60;route_v6_interface&#x60; and &#39;route_v6_gateway&#x60; can be used to specify default route for IPv6 traffic. | [optional]
**route_v6_gateway** | **string** |  | [optional]
**migrate_applications** | **bool** |  | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
